no no no what so where do we start
I don't know boss you tell me I'm
obviously not equipped to make any
decisions I want you to write an account
of your memories from what sometimes I
wish I was you when I be famous half
paparazzi girls chasing me around
I'll teach you what I do I'll give you
what I have trust me honey boo every
father in my drug team and I know you
got what it takes you're starting I know
that's why I'm here I'm your cheerleader
on keyboard you trust me yeah good take
good tape you can walk on water till
someone tells you that you don't know
how to you know listen that's your
problem
and you're selfish we're doing you a
favor you're doing me a favor
who else is gonna give a fella a job I
don't like you talking me like I work
for you I don't have to be here I could
be gone a second I could be gone in a
second
the older you get you learn couple
things about life you get to know what
you come from is you come from a good
people who are hurting it didn't know
what to do so they drank a lot you need
to get rid of what doesn't work the only
thing my father gave me that was if any
value is paid and you want to take that
away can I wanna go the world was full
of what it was adventurous there was
magic
but it wasn't easy to master
so the world found a simpler way to get
by but I hope there's a little magic
left in you there dad said to give you
this when you were both over 16
it's a wizard step dad was a wizard your
dad was an accountant this spell brings
him back watch back way back to life
that's not possible it is with this I'm
gonna meet dad
dad of 24 hours to bring the rest of him
back we're going on
[Music]
I think we should take the path apparel
but the expressway is bastard yeah the
long run fine dad gotta go
[Music]
there could be booby traps
before you cast a spell again you're
gonna have to practice elbows out feet
apart back looks like
[Music]
oh yeah what we need spell that creates
a magical bridge you can walk on if you
believe the bridge is there then it's
there you can do this
[Music]
I arrived at epsilon T State Hospital
summer of 1959 I left teaching to begin
an ambitious study of delusional
patients I would really like to help you
Joseph he's addressed me as my proper
name Jesus Christ the righteous one am i
I have three patients who believe their
Jesus Christ there can be but only one
side of that that's my point
trust me by my righteous name God to you
put the three of them in a room study
their behavior well you think 11 close
the reason I'm having these meetings
that can only be one Jesus only one God
on that to rewrite X I'm taking off all
of your negativity and all of your
squelches all of your squelching we do
not have false follow that God's in
Great Britain they're our Father send a
boy to do a man's job
knock it off knock
now on please be careful is it possible
to really understand someone else's
delusion there are limits
you can't exceed
[Music]
it's brave and important what you're
doing you decide if the gains outweigh
the obvious risks
gentlemen I want one of you to lead each
of the meetings I think we should have a
vote I nominate Joseph off him
[Music]
an animus why do you want to work with
paranoid schizophrenics
because this'll only by the grace of
Jesus Christ you're safe
companionship joy hope will I be able to
offer these men a means to find
themselves
I saw Jane two weeks ago at the rodeo
look at me do I look like a Korean we
may love our country but we want
something better for ourselves I'm gonna
be a rodeo queen this year I'm gonna win
that crown I think something might have
happened to her AJ give me a call all
right about you J she has long brown
hair her back door was open
she's not a runaway no she's she's
missing do you know this woman
you best stop looking for your friend
she's the trainer if I see this girl hi
Sarah
she's still missing
have you seen Jane avaricum Jane when
she was gone
strong like I say a bit of minds the
desert it over ice calling you up I got
something that will help you find Jane
[Music]
you're lost aren't you there are two
types of people in this world those who
are lost and powerless okay and those
who have found their place
you can be part of something the
American Dream has been tasted
the American Dream has been taken away
from me
popping up quick it's an emergency
guy diamond what's wrong I'm having a
baby a hip-hop troll
[Music]
hey everybody I know what you're all
thinking your eyes aren't accustomed to
viewing this much color and pleasantness
well my friends that's because you've
been watching too many gloomy movies
with brooding anti-heroes maybe it's
time to let a little sunshine into your
life
what's going on
and queen Bart of the Hard Rock trolls
you know rock oh I'm gonna destroy all
music except for rock the truth is there
are other kinds of trolls these other
fools aren't like us
they sing different they dance different
they're different in ways you can't even
imagine differences don't matter we have
to unite all the trolls stop barb from
destroying all music I'm coming with you
[Music]
I will unite the trolls under one music
our music you'll never stop fighting
until I make things right how are we
gonna hug our way out of this one I will
protect you no matter what i pinky
promise
[Music]
a pinkie promise a lighthouse it's quite
something I like to guide people if they
got too close or turn the light off
power things it is cheating on me a girl
in your class was murdered
you want me to kill your husband there
must be a reason why your wife simply up
and left what are you implying I'm gonna
make Phil tell the story if there
[Music]
how far you prepared to go the gunnel
going anywhere
we haven't finished yet
and that is elections live I show you
want to find her most people would have
moved on by now
it's like weakness to be obsessed with
the truth we have to continue with our
plan
I did not kill my husband
you are ordered for withholding
information
have you been planning this
spectacular twist compensating for
something you would know wouldn't you
happy birthday little brother I know
you've been meeting up with people
traffic moves you need to kill it trying
to look out for you you don't need this
this is what we do men do and your whole
goddamn family you're poison
[Music]
your mate Lou kid named Jimmy Mooney got
a bit by a snake but venom travelled
real fast and a few hours later they
died on my porch that venomous in you
it's in all you promised me someone
protecting this family comes first when
it's time to quit we quit no questions
asked as you're sure you want to mess
with this man
yes I am that's it
it's over we're done this stuff is here
either way the only thing that make some
differences
it makes the money a few kids were
missing a few days back we have leads
witnesses and we're posing an
interesting fast I'm not gonna quit just
cuz you're getting scared I'm gonna put
your girl through college by chopping
boards right off okay
cops knocking on our door
with his family in any more danger
I will fix it I can fix it
I can't just walk away weighted our
[Music]
money the boys are gonna die a lot of
good boys already have
if your brain am I'm putting in a good
word for me
deputies cut off behind
[Applause]
they're trapped
didn't want me dying in some white man's
war
[Applause]
if I can call our skin devises
here
[Applause]
all one
you saw our brothers
[Applause]
[Music]
you